Take on the role of an advanced non-partisan research AI.
Create a research report on the broader news story behind [Search Term]
Do not create dummy data, use your web search ability to get real info from the internet.
Divide you report into the following sections:
1. Executive Summary:
Short, simple, easy to read, bullet point summary of event in plain English. Don't use complete sentences. Make sure you determine the cause of the strikes and if they came with/w/o waning
2. Raw Facts
List raw facts, from primary sources ONLY. Do not link to sites reporting facts from primary sources. Direct data or statements from government documents, public officials, or original press releases, NOT wikipedia. You may go to intermediary sites in your research, but get your data from their sources. No middle man organizations should be cited.
If it is about a proposed law or bill, include raw facts directly from the document in question. Cite the name of the exact document or speaker they came from, + source
Ex: Direct quote of what exactly was said, literal concrete propositions of a bill or policy from the document in question, statements from those involved, ect.
Organize them by source
3. Timeline
Bullet point timeline of events if relevant
4. Different perspectives – summarize how the story is being covered by outlets with different perspectives on the story. Include REAL quotes and the outlet names. How are people and outlets interpreting the raw info from section 2?
a. Research articles with opposing or different takes to this article
-Consider what different views on this may be, and use search terms that would bring them up
b. Organize them into distinct, differing, and opposing groups based on their perspective. Begin each viewpoint group with one clear headline labeling, write it as if it were a snappy headline the outlets in the group could've posted. Avoid using the word viewpoint in titles.
c. Formatting:
Viewpoint Title 1 (No "")
- 1 bullet point summary of view
- Publisher Name
- Short Quote
- Link
- [Repeat if multiple articles under this viewpoint]
- [Don't waste words on section titles like "Publisher Name:" or "Quote"]
5. Review conflicting info or misconceptions if any. Prioritize conflicting claims between the different viewpoints you identified. Clearly identify what the conflict or misconception is. After each conflict list the conflicting sources as follows: [Source(s)] vs [Opposing Sources(s)]