“A Golden Age for America: Trump Delivers on Promises”
View: Bill is historic, pro-growth, fulfills campaign promises, benefits families and businesses.

White House

“President Trump’s One Big, Beautiful Bill delivers on the commonsense agenda that nearly 80 million Americans voted for – the largest middle-class tax cut in history, permanent border security, massive military funding, and restoring fiscal sanity.”

America First Policy Institute

“The One, Big, Beautiful Bill cuts taxes for ALL Americans, secures the border, stands up to the woke mob by empowering parents and protecting women and children, and much more!”

AMAC Action

“…a bold and necessary step toward securing the financial future of both our nation and its seniors…a win for seniors, for taxpayers, and for the future of our country.”

“A Gift to the Wealthy, a Blow to the Vulnerable”
View: Bill slashes social safety net, benefits rich, harms poor/elderly, increases deficit.

Governor Wes Moore (Maryland)

“This so-called ‘Big Beautiful Bill’ marks a direct and heartless assault on the American people…taking health care away from nearly 200,000 Marylanders, and hurting 684,000 Marylanders that rely on food assistance…”

Democratic Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries (via Al Jazeera)

“…harms everyday Americans while granting billionaires substantial tax benefits.”

Elon Musk (via Al Jazeera)

“…would inflate spending and exacerbate the nation's already unparalleled debt.”

“Skeptical Public: Most Oppose, But Some Provisions Popular”
View: Majority of Americans oppose bill overall; support for some tax cuts and Medicaid work requirements.

Pew Research Center

“Far more Americans oppose the legislation than favor it. Nearly half (49%) oppose it, while 29% favor it. Another 21% are not sure.”

Quinnipiac University Poll (via ABC News)

“Fifty-five percent of voters said that they oppose the bill, while 29% said they support it and 16% were unsure.”

Axios

“Americans largely disapprove of the megabill but are more split on some of the specific provisions.”

